Docs: use vela def in custom component (#227)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/platform-engineers/components/custom-component.md

## Declare `ComponentDefinition`

> First, generate a `ComponentDefinition` template with `vela def init`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, generate `ComponentDefinition` scaffolds via `vela def init`:
```

```shell
vela def init stateless -t component -o stateless.cue
```

> The result is as follows:

Reviewer: It generates a file:

```shell
$ cat stateless.cue
stateless: {
	annotations: {}
	attributes: workload: definition: {
		apiVersion: "<change me> apps/v1"
		kind:       "<change me> Deployment"
	}
	description: ""
	labels: {}
	type: "component"
}

template: {
	output: {}
	parameter: {}
}
```

In detail:
- `.spec.workload` is required to indicate the workload type of this component.
- `.spec.schematic.cue.template` is a CUE template, specifically:
    * The `output` filed defines the template for the abstraction.
    * The `parameter` filed defines the template parameters, i.e. the configurable properties exposed in the `Application`abstraction (and JSON schema will be automatically generated based on them).

> Edit this auto-generated custom component file:

Reviewer 2: Please declare how this auto generated

Author: It is declared above: https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela.io/pull/227/files/4e51ebdc1e931bba1af116455f361bdd272ba0f3#diff-47a91ec8d3a3053891899d042dc8553a22685e02d4f931f5737c98fc0aab66a3R11

Should we describe it more specifically?

Reviewer 2: yes, you should generate it with command that can be copy-paste and work

> Let's edit this auto-generated custom component file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit this auto-generated custom component file:
```

```
stateless: {
	annotations: {}
	attributes: workload: definition: {
		apiVersion: "apps/v1"
		kind:       "Deployment"
	}
	description: ""
	labels: {}
	type: "component"
}

template: {
	output: {
    apiVersion: "apps/v1"
    kind:       "Deployment"
    spec: {
      selector: matchLabels: {
        "app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
      }
      template: {
        metadata: labels: {
          "app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
        }
        spec: {
          containers: [{
            name:  parameter.name
            image: parameter.image
          }]
        }
      }
    }
  }
	parameter: {
    name:  string
    image: string
  }
}
```

> You can use `vela def vet` to check validation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `vela def vet` to validate the format:
```

```shell
$ vela def vet stateless.cue
Validation succeed.
```

> Let's declare another component named `task`, i.e. an abstraction for run-to-completion workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Declare another component named `task` which is an abstraction for run-to-completion workload.
```

```shell
vela def init task -t component -o task.cue
```

> The result is as follows:

Reviewer: It generates a file:

```shell
$ cat task.cue
task: {
	annotations: {}
	attributes: workload: definition: {
		apiVersion: "<change me> apps/v1"
		kind:       "<change me> Deployment"
	}
	description: ""
	labels: {}
	type: "component"
}

template: {
	output: {}
	parameter: {}
}
```

> Edit this auto-generated custom component file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the generated component file:
```

```
task: {
	annotations: {}
	attributes: workload: definition: {
		apiVersion: "batch/v1"
		kind:       "Job"
	}
	description: ""
	labels: {}
	type: "component"
}

template: {
	output: {
    apiVersion: "batch/v1"
    kind:       "Job"
    spec: {
      parallelism: parameter.count
      completions: parameter.count
      template: spec: {
        restartPolicy: parameter.restart
        containers: [{
          image: parameter.image
          if parameter["cmd"] != _|_ {
            command: parameter.cmd
          }
        }]
      }
    }
  }
	parameter: {
    count:   *1 | int
    image:   string
    restart: *"Never" | string
    cmd?: [...string]
  }
}
```

> Install above `ComponentDefinition` objects to your Kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply above `ComponentDefinition` files to your Kubernetes cluster:
```

            if parameter["cmd"] != _|_ {
              command: parameter.cmd
            }

            if parameter["env"] != _|_ {
              env: parameter.env
            }

            if context["config"] != _|_ {
              env: context.config
            }

            ports: [{
              containerPort: parameter.port
            }]

            if parameter["cpu"] != _|_ {
              resources: {
                limits:
                  cpu: parameter.cpu
                requests:
                  cpu: parameter.cpu
              }
            }
          }]
        }
      }
    }
  }
  // an extra template
  outputs: service: {
    apiVersion: "v1"
    kind:       "Service"
    spec: {
      selector: {
        "app.oam.dev/component": context.name
      }
      ports: [
        {
          port:       parameter.port
          targetPort: parameter.port
        },
      ]
    }
  }
	parameter: {
    image: string
    cmd?: [...string]
    port: *80 | int
    env?: [...{
      name:   string
      value?: string
      valueFrom?: {
        secretKeyRef: {
          name: string
          key:  string
        }
      }
    }]
    cpu?: string
  }
}
```

> Apply it to your Kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply to your Kubernetes cluster:
```
